OPENING DIALOGUE
Narrator: Meet Peter. A young man with a promising musical career, a loving fiancee, and the promise of many happy years to come. Or so he thought...
Narrator: Tragedy struck, and Peter's life was is shambles! Torn asunder by the fickle tides of fate, he lost everything. Now his mind is in tatters from the cruelty that the world has wrought for him.
Renee: Oh please.
Narrator: Ah! But there is someone who can save him! Renee, the love of his life, can enter his twisted mind and put it at ease.
Renee: Wait, what? No no no, I'm not here on a rescue mission. Let me just set some things straight.
Narrator: But save him she must, lest he be entrapped in agony forever!
Renee: Are you serious?
Narrator: Of course! Here we go!
Renee: Woah!

LEVEL 1 OPENING
Narrator: It was here in the icy wastes of the orchestra pits that Peter's coworkers betrayed him, and he lost his cherished role as first chair violinist.
Renee: ...To be a SECOND chair violinist. I've heard this before.
Narrator: Injustice! Brutal injustice that drove him to obsession which made a void in his heart that could never be filled!
Renee: Judging by the lack of times you answered my calls, that's probably true.
Narrator: Oh how he wished he could teach that conductor a lesson for his vindictive ways...
Renee: Vindictive as in "world's smallest demotion"? Whatever, let's get to it.

LEVEL 1 PRE-BOSS BATTLE
Maestro: Ah, I see you've come to avenge your beloved!
Renee: Not my beloved, not big on avenging. Can I leave or should I use the trombone?
Maestro: Harrumph to your double-talk! Master Peter shall never reclaim his first chair! Verily, the whole of the orchestra bends to mine ear and falls into line!
Renee: Peter, Maestro Edward doesn't talk like that. He did Shakespeare in the park ONCE, and it was nice. And is he a penguin because of his tux? Really??
Maestro: Forsooth! Anon! And then some! Enough talk, villain! Have at you!

LEVEL 1 POST-BOSS BATTLE
Maestro: Alas, I am slain... fare thee well...
Renee: Whoo! What a rush! Okay, where's the exit?
Narrator: And so, fair Renee fought back against the tide of tyranny--
Renee: Tyranny? He was doing his job!
Narrator: Fair, SWEET Renee, the only one for whom Peter truly cared...
Renee: You got a real funny way of showing care, dude.
Narrator: The one who left him to lament in the desert of lonliness, alone, all by himself.
Renee: What?! Oh no, not again!

LEVEL 2 OPENING
Narrator: What was once a field of love has dried up into nothingness. What was once Renee's home in his heart is now deprived and empty.
Renee: That's... actually kind of sweet. I guess you really--
Narrator: What was once his most prized possession--
Renee: Whoa, hold up! Excuse me?
Narrator: His, uh, most treasured companion! Deprived! Wasted! Desert! Get to it!

LEVEL 2 ENDING
Renee: What. On EARTH. Is this?!
Narrator: It was a shrine, made to Renee so long ago. A golden idol of--
Renee: You made a temple for me in your BRAIN?!
Narrator: I-it was out of reverence! Out of the memories and the hope of what had--
Renee: Nope! No way. That's it. This is easily the creepiest thing you've ever done.
Narrator: But his undying love for you!
Renee: Oh, undying! I guess the time spent endlessly trying to win back first chair, not returning my calls, ignoring me completely, all that was just a nap for his UNDYING love, huh?
Renee: All of the game nights I offered, the dinners and movies ignored, all of that was still part of that UNDYING love! Sure!
Renee: Forget it. Love isn't this statue locked in a temple in the desert, Peter. I'm not made of gold, and I'm nobody's idol.
Renee: Now let me out of here.
Narrator: ...
Narrator: This is all his fault.
Renee: Oh, HERE we go.
Narrator: Armand. He stole her from poor, pitiful Peter.
Renee: I'm not anyone's to steal!
Narrator: He'll PAY for this!

LEVEL 3 OPENING
Narrator: And so, the wicked villain Armand pounded away on his little drum at the top of a mountain of ignorance and lies. There he laughed, and reveled in the destruction of Peter's life.
Narrator: It was here that all of Peter's problems were made incarnate.
Renee: You know what? You want me to change your mind? Fine. Let's go give "Armand" a little chat.

LEVEL 3 PRE-BOSS BATTLE
Renee: Okay, Armand, I- oh dear lord.
Armand: Yeeeeeeees! Renee, my extravagant boquet of dumplings! You have returned to me as my prize!
Renee: Ugh, this is GROSS, Peter.
Armand: Whaaaaaaat? You and I, we are made for each other, yes? We should be making-
Renee: If the next words out of your mouth are "beautiful music", I'm going to hurl.
Armand: Ahaha, she is always for the chase, yes! I shall play my songs for you, and make you mine all over again!

LEVEL 3 POST-BOSS BATTLE
Armand: WHYYYYYYYYY?
Renee: Enough.
Narrator: With Armand defeated, Peter could finally return to his lo-
Renee: ENOUGH! I am so utterly sick of you and these ridiculous versions of our life!
Renee: Even in here, I'm a second thought to your work, but when you DO think of me, suddenly I'm your TREASURE? Your PRIZE?
Renee: Armand didn't steal me away from you, Peter. I walked. And I didn't even walk to him at first! I left your stupid circus of an orchestra because it was better than being second chair for you.
Renee: Face the facts, Peter. We're done. And you've only got yourself to blame.
Narrator: ...
Narrator: ...
Narrator: ...You...
Peter: ...I've messed up big time.
Renee: Yeah. I guess so.
Renee: ...Can I please go home now?
Peter: Yeah. Yeah, you can go.
Renee: Thanks.
Renee: I'm sorry, you know? You're hurting. But that doesn't change things.
Peter: Yeah. I get it. Thanks for fighting for me. I mean, against me.
Renee: I get it.
Peter: ...Bye.